[Alerting][Docs] Add warning to create rule documentation about using `id` path parameter (#108552)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/alerting/legacy/create.asciidoc

[[alerts-api-create-path-params]]
==== Path parameters

`space_id`::
  (Optional, string) An identifier for the space. If `space_id` is not provided in the URL, the default space is used.

> WARNING: As part of the {kibana-ref-all}/master/sharing-saved-objects.html[Sharing Saved Objects] effort, rule IDs for all rules in a custom space will be regenerated in 8.0.0. This means that all rules created using this API that specifies both the `id` and `space_id` path parameters will be re-assigned a randomly generated ID in 8.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: As part of the {kibana-ref-all}/master/sharing-saved-objects.html[Sharing Saved Objects] effort, rule IDs for rules in a custom space will be regenerated in 8.0.0. Rules created using this API that specify both the `id` and `space_id` path parameters will be re-assigned a randomly generated ID.
```
